Front End Web: Responsive Design System

Thought Process and Meeting the Brief

Responsive design system layout for Canberra Modern. The website contains visual elements such as complementary imagery, colorful grid layout, and the Canberra modern logo.
The Website is minimal, yet visually interesting separated by the imagery and stacked text. Canberra Modern’s moto is immediately visible upon loading the site along with a brief
explanation and a small button which is planned to take you to an about page. Easy access to events and bookings on the front page featuring visual imagery catches the
viewers’ attention laid out in grid format, clearly separates events and makes them visible.

Research and Inspiration

Searching through awwwards I found three sites that inspired my web layout being (1) https://www.cula.tech/, (2) https://www.valmont.com/, (3) https://studiod.nu/en/. 
Each of these sites contain large use of imagery with overlap in text, which I have implemented into a small section of my front page, and more specifically the way that (3) has
incorporated that into the homepage with its division of elements into empty space. I do believe there could be more added to the website including a more interesting layout and
scattered involving natural eye movement. However, the inclusion and consideration of easy access to event pages and information have also been accounted for clashing visual interest
for design layout.

Reflection

The current design is very basic, and more could be implemented to increase visual engagement, possibly the inclusion of more visual imagery or use of color. Additionally the site
is quite bare with not alot of content. The design only contains the homepage as the navigation tabs and booking tabs do not lead anywhere. Although the home comes as I had
visualized, addition of content could increase visual appeal. From a usability perspective the site shows positives and negatives. Whilst content is separated quite clearly, effectively
supporting users to complete actions and access new tabs, it is possible that a lack of visual engagement may decrease a users interest in the site. Whilst the users may experience
disinterest due to error tolerance. When I was coding the website I experienced trouble making the elements fit and overflowing their containers. In the Additional Information
section the text would overflow over the container boundaries, though I believe I have mostly resolved the issue. I wasn’t sure how to properly scale the image, so at a
certain point the image becomes incredibly small whilst adding to the container's height. Additionally the image is uncentered when the screen is shrunken down which I
believe to be relating to the navigation bar. When shrinking the window to a certain point a hamburger menu will appear. However the bar is not hidden and is instead
shifted to the side, meaning a horizontal scroll bar will appear offsetting some of the content, which I believe is the cause of overflow, since it tampers the screen width.
